---
layout: post
title: "Golden"
author: "Marko Srsan"
categories: random
tags: [dog,cute,music]
image:
imagehome: 
description: Such a cool dog video reacting to music.
youtubeId: KBluUZ4NnZg
tumblr_url: http://msrsan.tumblr.com/post/15519337893/golden
---
A not-cat video. Yes, that’s right! The booing from the cat fans is getting louder and louder :P

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}

This dog Golden obviously loves the sound of guitar and he ain’t afraid to show it! While the guitar is gently playing he is just nodding along in the rhythm. If you’ve started to nod your head too, it’s ok, don’t worry - I’ve done it also! In the video you can see how happy this dog truly is - with smile stretching from one ear to the other. It’s like he’s gonna get up on the table and boogie! 

No, seriously, it’s quite something. And even though I like the enjoying phase very much, the reactions when the guitar just stops playing are even more awesome. Pay attention how Golden just instantly changes - his whole face becomes disappointed and I have a feeling that he’s gonna cry any minute now. Just in a second, he becomes serious and deeply wonders what’s happened. 

Anyway, I really like this video and, by the look of it, more than 50k people like it too. On the other side, I can’t stop wondering whether or not this video is a commercial. While we’ve all been watching Golden enjoy, this Bud Light has been staring at us all the time. I can’t tell if it’s been put there on purpose or not, and I can’t figure it out, but it’s there. If I hear anything about it - you can be sure I’ll tell you! :)

--

[Original post on Tumblr](http://msrsan.tumblr.com/post/15519337893/golden)
